GT to show her - so Central American
drift machine impression
a lot of thinking you on it no what's it
like photo quality most times I put a
kid like it there
Oh
the appeal of American muscle cars in
drifting is definitely the overwhelming
power and torque of v8 engines more than
enough to propel the rather large body
in December 2005 an American driver in a
Mustang won the d1 USA round the Oval
tracks used in a lot of the u.s.
drifting competitions may be suited for
the tour key American cars although with
a minor incident of running out of gas
praise the Mustang as well
see occasional somebody um under a nasty
woman marina may drift attack
although Verena was able to show us some
great drifting in her own 350z she
wasn't able to tame the mx-5 roadster
only only one drops
Oh
soo-ji do yeah I don't know Betty help
daddy
you